Stop scrolling if you are a student or a fresher because this might be your chance to work at one of the biggest companies in the world,
Proctor and Gamla, and here's how PNG's Hiding Process works.
Step 1 is application. You can apply through the PNG career page or in Downshala.
Just fill your education details, upload your resume and answer a short questioner.
If you are shortlisted then there will be an online assessment
that will be a peak performance test and interactive assessment
to check how you think, work and handle situation and also to test your problem following skills.
And once you correct this assessment then you will be called for an interview, either one-on-one or panel.
This interview is test your technical knowledge and behavioral skills.
So clear all these three steps and you will have an offer letter from PNG.
So if you want to start your career with a global FMCZ leader, then check out the latest PNG openings and start applying now.
Find all the links in the description and also subscribe to fresher jobs by Downshala channel for more career opportunities
until then, all diverse.